docs: Rename Admin Roles to get rid of Partner-naming (#1075)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.payment-methods.md

### Creating a Payment Method via the meshPanel

> One way of creating payment methods is via the meshPanel. To do so, make sure that you have an account with the organization admin role. Navigate to the Admin area and follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way of creating payment methods is via the meshPanel. To do so, make sure that you have an account with the 'Organization Admin' role. Navigate to the Admin area and follow these steps:
```
